Add pod_chaos.md (#119)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/pod_chaos.md

# Pod Chaos Document

This document helps you to build pod chaos experiments. 

> Pod chaos allows you to simulate pod faults, specifically `pod failure` and `pod kill`.

Reviewer: can you supplement some details about which case does `Pod failure` suit for use and which case does `Pod Kill` suit for?

> Pod chaos allows you to simulate pod faults, specifically `pod failure` and `pod kill`.

Reviewer 2: Add a reminder that we do not currently support simulation injection of naked pods, only support some specific pods, such as deployment 、statefulset、daemonset

Author: I have added the note.

> - **Pod Failure** action periodically pauses specific pods.

Reviewer: What's the affect of the `Pod Failure` action?

> - **Pod Failure** action periodically pauses specific pods.

Reviewer 2: explain when to use `pod failure` or ` pod kill`

> - **Pod Kill** action kills the specified pod and restarts immediately.

Reviewer: `restarts immediately` isn't the chaos-mesh behaviour.

## Pod Failure Action

> Below is a sample network partition configuration file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below is a sample pod failure configuration file:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: pingcap.com/v1alpha1
kind: PodChaos
metadata:
  name: pod-failure-example
  namespace: chaos-testing
spec:
  action: pod-failure
  mode: one
  duration: "30s"
  selector:
    namespaces:
      - tidb-cluster-demo
    labelSelectors:
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
  scheduler:
    cron: "@every 2m"
```

> For more sample files, see [examples](../examples). You can edit them as needed. 

Description:

* **action** defines the specific chaos action for the pod. In this case, it is pod failure.
* **mode** defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: `one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent`.

> * **duration** defines the duration for each chaos experiment. In the sample file above, the network partition lasts for 30 seconds.

Reviewer 4: s/network partition/pod failure

* **selector** is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos actions.
* **scheduler** defines the scheduler rules for the running time of the chaos experiment. For more rule information, see <https://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron>.

## Pod Kill Action

> **Note:** 
> 
> The detailed description of each field in the configuration template are consistent with that in [Pod Failure](#Pod-Failure-Action).

> Below is a sample network partition configuration file:

Reviewer 4: s/network partition/pod kill

> Below is a sample network partition configuration file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below is a sample network pod kill configuration file:
```

# Pod Chaos Document

This document helps you to build pod chaos experiments. 

> **note:** 
> 

> > Chaos mash does not currently support simulation injection of naked pods. And it only supports some specific pods, such as `deployment` 、`statefulset` 、`daemonset`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Chaos mesh does not currently support simulation injection of naked pods. And it only supports some specific pods, such as `deployment` 、`statefulset` 、`daemonset`. 
```

Pod chaos allows you to simulate pod faults, specifically `pod failure` and `pod kill`.

- **Pod Failure** action periodically injects errors to pods. And it will cause the pod to not be created for a while. In another word, the selected pod will be unavailable in a specified period of time.

- **Pod Kill** action kills the specified pod (ReplicaSet or something similar may be needed to ensure the pod will be restarted).

## Pod Failure Action

Below is a sample pod failure configuration file:

```yaml
apiVersion: pingcap.com/v1alpha1
kind: PodChaos
metadata:
  name: pod-failure-example
  namespace: chaos-testing
spec:
  action: pod-failure
  mode: one
  duration: "30s"
  selector:
    namespaces:
      - tidb-cluster-demo
    labelSelectors:
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
  scheduler:
    cron: "@every 2m"
```

> For more sample files, see [examples](../examples). You can edit them as needed. 

Description:

* **action** defines the specific chaos action for the pod. In this case, it is pod failure.
* **mode** defines the mode to run chaos action. Supported mode: `one / all / fixed / fixed-percent / random-max-percent`.

> * **duration** defines the duration for each chaos experiment. In the sample file above, the pod failure lasts for 30 seconds.

Reviewer 3: Well, I don't think `In the sample file above` is proper here.
